and I say like this
hotels side at sea casper vologda he gave
give to you
but
good day and the name of the birth house
cross the orthoses can i talk to
ok, I'm you now
and the national character of the wasteland
You correctly chose Georgia here national
character
at a glance here tell you today
it was interesting i think something
now begins to understand say well
you yesterday shakespeare commentator today
cockpit such a combination is also give
national character or
footballtop.ru Shakespeare country for the
it is called as a joke actually and
both bring honor to my life this
theater and articles and in general we are Georgians
best we value the carcass above love
higher friendship slavery and so